hi everyone I'm Tempest and welcome to
DG tempus fugit let's talk demon hunters
baby South a new world of warcraft
expansion we will get a new hero class
the demon hunter only elves can be demon
hunters so that means night Hills for
Alliance and blood elves the Horde being
a hero class they're going to be
starting at a much higher level which
the dev team said will be somewhere
between 95 and 100 now I'm quite sure
but their basic idea seems to be that
when you finish the demon hunter
starting area you should be able to
immediately head into the new expansion
content demon hunters are going to be
the first class in the game to only have
2 specs havoc which is its dps spec and
vengeance it's tanking spec lizard says
they really want to increase the
diversity between classes and spec since
expansion and felt that they added
another speck the demon hunters it might
be a bit too samey and whatever the
reasons it has two specs now it's going
to be using resource called demonic
theory and it's going to wear leather
armor and of course they use glaives how
could they not use glades after all in
the character customization screen we
will be able to choose between tattoos
horns skin variations even demons scale
things and of course different styles of
blindfold because storyline wise they
all wear blindfolds I guess they're very
kinky visit has revealed a little bit
about their play style as well and say
that they will have unrivaled mobility
demon hunters can double jump volts in
and out of combat and even unfold their
monstrous wings to perform gliding
descents and surprise enemies from above
metamorphosis demon hunters transform
into hellish forms enhancing their
chosen role damaged focus in ladera can
teleport into combat while though
surprised fence can grant powerful
support of auras malaya damage the
carrot the chaotic energy that flows
within demon hunters empowers their
physical and magical strikes to
devastating effect and then they have
spectral sight oh boy do they have
spectral site dealing in hunters
apparent blindness belies the troop
house perception they rely on magically
augmented site to detect enemies even
those the hide behind obstacles now
talking about some of their abilities
they either cost or they generate
demonic fury which is as I said earlier
their resource so you got fell rush we
rush for dealing fire damaged
all enemies in your path generates 40
fury if you inflict damage to at least
one target then you've got chaos strike
a brutal attack that strikes all enemies
in front of you who kales damage chaos
Nova unleash an eruption of fell energy
studying all nearby enemies for five
seconds and dealing chaos damage and
then you've got I beam blasts the target
and any enemies near the target of a
fire damage over time and as I was
mentioning a little bit earlier for
spectral sight thing basically this
allows you to see enemies through
physical barriers as well as those that
are stealth invisible and it's
apparently going to be one of their
defining traits now that means that if a
rogue is stealth they keeping you can
see them brad's day and you can see
through the walls and like a
battleground and stuff but i'll discuss
a little bit more it's impossible
thoughts about that in a minute and of
course you've got vengeful retreat where
you vault back and avoid the next attack
or spell directed at you and then you
got double jump so basically they're
going to have huge amount of mobility
and of course double jump is part of
that mobility bundle they get
unfortunately that probably means while
you explain tactics every demon hunter
is going to be bouncing around all over
the place like a DD demons but hey looks
fun being a hero class demon hunters get
their own starting area much like death
knights and will awaken in the vault of
the wardens in order to combat the
largest lesion invasion ever so
basically we go back in time ten years
as a member of Elidor e Illidan sends us
his most elite demon hunters on a
suicide mission to the shattered demonic
prison world of Mar dune the world
sargeras created when he was a good guy
to hold all of the demons he captured
and when he turned evil he shattered
this world and released the Burning
Legion we then return to the present day
and learn what it truly means to be a
demon hunter and the sacrifices it
entails now they definitely look really
really cool to me and very exciting
although I do wonder how they're going
to be in PvP a rogue's just gonna get
completely and utterly hard counted when
they play hide and seek now with demon
hunters being able to see them while
they're invisible not to mention being
able to see through walls I guess you
can run but you can't hide although with
all of that mobility maybe you should
find another option other than running
or hiding all of which sounds pretty
cool to me I have to be honest I'll be
rolling a demon hunter in the new
expansion
hopping around all over the place like
my little a DD demons that I mentioned
earlier what are your thoughts in the
new demon hundred cloths do you like
what you see so far another agility DPS
and tank let me know in the comments and
if you want to see more Legion content
be sure to check out my channel alrighty
then did everybody get the tactics for
this boss we and that's it for this
video I hope you enjoyed it and found it
helpful for more videos like this make
sure to click that subscribe button and
you can click the thumbnails on the
video to have a look at some of my other
videos like my video all about those
awesome artifact weapons we have on the
way some people who voice to desire to
support the channel so if you want to do
that then check out patreon or g2a with
the links below to do so and all support
is appreciated but not expected now go
forth and have an awesome day ciao for
now